hello
Good morning
How can I help you ?
so you want to reserve one meeting room
?
how many people you are ?
we have one room for people, one for  people inside outside  people and one room for  people
the question is
you want a room inside and outside or just inside
the prices of this rooms
room for people CHF 
room for inside and people outside CHF 
room for people costs CHF
The room for people have two big TVs with audio function
It‘s old the decoration is from 
but it has a lot of table and chairs
but you can choose where you want the furniture
the room Beta is
It‘s inside but also outside
are you sure ?
yes this room is in the middle from Toronto
when do you have time ?
yes that’s good for me
on by the train station
so I can also come to the airport ?
how do you like
Yes so I will come to the airport at and we will meet as by the taxi station
I come with my car and then we drive to the room
that’s not a problem for me
so I will be there on
yes
perfect
when you have any other questions please ask me
so we will meet as and after we drive to the room
if you don‘t like them I will show you the other two rooms
okay ?
as you like
thank you for your interest
we will see
Morning
Sure! 
We have three rooms for your event.
Room Alpha is for  people, 
With a big stage and a fix delivery.
The technical equipment is modern with a big screen
The price for this room is
Yes!
Room Beta is for  people inside and outside people
Room Gamma is for  people
How many people are invited for the event?
i think room Gamma is perfect for you event. It cost we have monitors with a stereo?
You can also take room Beta but you have only space people inside the room?  And  people outside
Do you have a presentation?
Sure
Good! The room Gamma is for people you have table for people with chairs we can put the tables away if you want? The decoration is from. We have two big monitors with a stereo. All that cost
Where you from?
We reserve you a taxi for you team and the guest from the airport?
Sure, can you say me which time you arrive?
Great! Send you the reservation with the taxi and de information!
Have nice day!
Good morning
I can offer you a very special room. The room has a projector and speakers.  persons can sit inside and people outside. This room costs dollars. Would this room be something for you? 
Kind regards, 
Then I search the perfect room for this event with a good atmosphere.
Yes of course! 
The first room is a big event room with a lot of technical services (projector, speakers). This room is made for people and costs. It’s a very big room, so I think it’s not the perfect place for your event. 
The second one is the one I told you about a few minutes ago. 
And the last one is an historic room, made with love to the detail. Everything is in the style of. This room is made for people and costs
Is the atmosphere by the second room good? Then we will a room where the people feel well and can form small groups.
Thank you very much.
Yes, what for an event are your planning?
How many persons will be there?
How much must it cost?
And shall the room be classic or modern?
I will present to you two rooms and then you can choose which one you like
Do you agree?
Okay
First, we have a cheaper room
Which is modern but is in the floor
It costs  swiss francs
It has a bar and the tables are for four persons and each table has a light
It has a terrace
So the room inside is just for  persons but in the terrace it has place for other  persons
The other one is a bit classic
The original decoration is from 
But it is in the first stock
So, you don’t have to use the lift
The tables are for - persons
So, you can make bigger groups
The first one the modern one costs just  swiss francs
And the second one the classic one costs  swiss francs
I have another one but I think it is not the room you want
Because you can’t make groups there
And it is too big
It is for persons
And it don‘t have tables
For groups
Okay I well arrange it for you
Yes
Yes it has
And another special thing is that you can see the city view
I’m afraid not!
When does the event take place?
Which day?
Dear Madam, thank you for contacting us. Absolutely, please ask any questions you have.
We have three possible event rooms on offer which are suitable. a stage with fixed seats a bar with tables and a lounge terrace. a big hall with tables and chairs. All big enough for your required size.
All rooms are within your budget. I think the stage (room) isn’t ideal because the seats cannot be moved. Room offers seats for people inside and you could also use the outdoor terrace lounge. Room Alpha is indoors only but tables & chairs can be moved during the event.
Does it matter to you on which floor the room is?
It’s  francs. The decoration is in the s style, very impressive - a good choice! I’m happy to place a reservation for you!
If you send me your company details the booking is done.
Thank you for your interest in the rooms of One King hotel.
I have for you  options.
The first is the for people and the other is for  and the last is for  people.
Which do you need? You can ask my questions about the rooms
In the room for  people do you have a modern multimedia equipment with a big screen and a protector and a very nice light and a perfect music.
And the room costs
In the room for  people you have round tables for - people with chairs. And you can move the table and the chairs.
The decoration is from the years.
You have two big TVs and a good music audience
It is on the first floor
Its cost ‘
And the last one is the room for  people plus people more with the terrace.
You have a bar with bar chairs and   tables for people.
you have also a big screen and a projector and it is in the  floor and cost francs
Yes, you have very good light in this room! That is the special in this room
The room costs more than the others is that ok for you?
Yes that’s true.
Then it‘s not a problem for you
That’s perfect. Then I send you the information and you can pay the cash. Is that okay for you?
That’s nice. Thank you for your interest about the hotel One King. I wish you a very nice day. See you.
We have different event rooms. 
One has a capacity of people.
The second one for  people and the last one for  people.
The first and the second one has a beamer
The third one has big TVs
The first one costs CHF, the second one CHF and the third one CHF.
The first one has a capacity for  people
The room has a big stage and many chairs
The second one has a capacity for  people but I think this one is too small for your event
But it has also place outside for  people. So that  people can find a place.
The third one has a capacity for  people
So you want the second room?
Do you have any other questions?
Yes, we have tables for people
We have tables and chairs for people, but at one table can only sit  people
Yes, we have free WLAN
Yes, we will book and prepare the room for your event
